Changes :
1) I delete js functions that display current time in the user chats' content because it is not what the arrignment asked. The time and date is loaded by reading files using php.
2) I only keep one chat in html as I use php fuctions to let the section to show to show according to the data the page loads.(For index page)
3) I add required function in html for chat pad, which creates new chats. It disables users from creating empty chats.(For all pages where exit the chat pad)
4) In chat page, I only keep one chat div in main container. Because I use php functions to show according to the data the page loads.(For chat page)
5) I only keep one list in the main container where shows list of following or followers in html. Because I use php fuctions to let the section to show to show according to the data the page loads.(For follow page)
6) I only keep one chat in html as I use php fuctions to let the section to show to show according to the data the page loads.(For search page)
7) I change the nav active for navigation bar in search page. When users in the search page, "Home" will not be shown as selected.
8) Delete <div class="row" style="padding: 5px;"  > in main container for chat pad and add <div class="media" > outside the form to align with <div class="list-group">. 
9) Fixed mobile view for logo/image, they are now alligned correctly: 
	In the index and search page, I changed the left container and profile part's html and css (in the body). I also changed the right part of the main container and aligne the chat pad and users' chat board.
	In the myChat page, I changed chat pad and chat bord so that they can align to each other. 
	In the follow page, I changed the left and the right container in the main container. The left container contains the user's profile. I changed this part so that it can be more responsive. I changed the right container so that the chat pad can aligh with the list of following or followers.
	In all pages, the head logo and the page head are fixed so that in the mobile view, it is shown correctly.

List of things to do for Assignment 2
	Make it more responsive. Especially mobile view, logo/image are not in correctly aligned.
	Make sure links are working.
--All done.

This site is a content management system which shows users' own chats, his or her followers' chats and those whom he or she is following. It allows users to create, search chats. Users can also review what they posted.
 
I used Bootstrap. (Getbootstrap.com, 2018) to design the site. I used its responsive layout to enable this site to adapt to screen. I also used responsive images, badge, card, forms, list group, navs, nav, nav bar and, etc. With those features, I designed this site a responsive one. 

This site is composed of four php files. They are Homepage, MyChats, Follow, Search pages.
Every page has a navigation bar which has two links that direct to the home page and MyChats page. There are a search bar and a chat button in the navigation bar. 

The first one is the Homepage. It displays the home page for the site. Including the navigation bar, it has a head which is consist of the icon, name, and a slogan. In the body, it has a left pad and contains the account owner¡¯s head picture and username. There are three links under them. They are Chats, Following, and Followers. Chats is linked to what the account owners¡¯ personal page. It will display what he or she has posted and a self-description.  On the right panel, there is a chat pad where the user can create new chats. The following content is New Chats where shows all chats posted by those whom the user is following. The chat can be a line of text, a text with a picture or a picture only. In the head of the posted chat, it shows the username, user head image, date, and time.

The second one is search page which shares the same template with the Homepage except the heading of the main content is what users have inputted in the search bar. 

The third one is MyChats. It¡¯s a place hold information of each users¡¯ account and what he or she has posted. Beneath the navigation bar, the head is the account owner's head picture and username. In the user profile, it also shows the owner or users' short descriptions while it has those three links for chats, following, and followers. It is the template for followers and following users. People who have accounts will share the same template except for personal contents like the user's head picture, username, description, followers, and followings will be different. Contents in chats panel are also different. The page title and the picture as well as name will change according to if the link is from a Following or Follower. 

The final one is the Follow template. It is the template to show followers or following users. It shares most of the contents of the Home page except that in the main panel, the content is followers or following users¡¯ name list.


Reference£º
Getbootstrap.com. (2018). Bootstrap. [online] Available at: http://getbootstrap.com/ [Accessed 30 Sep. 2018].

website, real estate, buildings, houses, Home, web page. (2018). Shareicon.net. Retrieved 30 September 2018, from https://www.shareicon.net/website-real-estate-buildings-houses-home-web-page-706836
